What a pity.
Papa has to go to work. my dear.
Who wants to kill you?
A single insect may bring down
an entire country.
Which insect wants to kill you today?
I don't know. but I intend to find out.
-Is this my speech?
-Yes.
-Is the lighting okay?
-The lighting is perfect. jefe.
Thank you. General.
You phone is ringing. el jefe.
-Hello?
-Jorge. my nephew!
Uncle?
Correct.
I'm out here walking through the jungle.
How are you?
All good?
-How are you. uncle?
-I'm fantastic.
I'm walking through the jungle
with an absolutely lovely woman.
-The gringo journalist?
-Yes. the beautiful Claire Wellington.
Yes. yes. don't worry. See you soon.
We...we were all worried for you.
Sure. Great. God bless you!
My uncle isn't dead.
Our partners will not be pleased.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Mr. Pettits.
You're more beautiful than on TV.
The hulk here. he scares me.
My promise and my legacy
is that wealth from these metals will
be invested solely and exclusively
to enrich the people of Paldonia.
Long live Paldonia!
I said. where is President Venegas?
Where is President Venegas?
-This is your car?
-Yes. Mister.
-You're alive. Papi?
-I am.
It's good to see you.
It was not my men who attacked you.
-I know. I know. Espresso?
-Naturally.
Who is this?
Uncle!
I am not here to hurt you.
You're okay. you're okay. You're okay.
Uncle...
Uncle...uncle.
They killed...me.
I'm... I'm sorry.
Surrender!
Soldiers! I know you are obeying orders.
My children.
you don't have to do this.
My brothers. you can change
the destiny of this country.
Not for me.
But for you.
For your mothers.
For you fathers.
For your children.
This country has bled for too long.
This madness has to end.
Now is the time to fight.
Fight for this land.
My brothers. defend your homeland.
Mr. Venegas?
Mr. President?
Yes...
Nice to meet you - I think.